updated readme (#1)
mutable/meta-node: README.md

Mutable Meta client for node
===

Service Discovery and Config manager
===

> This package is responisble for discovering services in your Mutable folder and implementing Configs that were set in Mutable's configurations tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is a wrapper to the background service `Mutable Meta`. Mutable Meta is responsible for service discovery and service configuration.
```

## API
```js
const Meta = require('@mutable/meta')
```

>   All methods are asynchronous, and take a node-style error-first callback as last argument.

Reviewer: switch this to promise
